CSS `attr()`: Rename `string` to `raw-string` (#38580)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/attr/index.md

  - : The attribute name whose value should be retrieved from the selected HTML element(s).
- `<attr-type>`

  - : Specifies how the attribute value is parsed into a CSS value. This can be the `raw-string` keyword, a `type()` function, or a CSS dimension unit. When omitted, it defaults to `raw-string`.

>     - The `raw-string` keyword causes the attribute's literal value to be treated as the value of a CSS string, with no CSS parsing performed at all (including CSS escapes, whitespace removal, comments, etc). No value triggers fallback; only the lack of the attribute entirely does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The `raw-string` keyword causes the attribute's literal value to be treated as the value of a CSS string, with no CSS parsing performed (including CSS escapes, whitespace removal, comments, etc). The `<fallback-value>` is only used if the attribute is omitted; specifying an empty value doesn't trigger the fallback.
```

Reviewer: I found the last sentence a bit confusing.

>       For [security reasons](#limitations_and_security) {{CSSxRef("url_value", "&lt;url&gt;")}} is not allowed as a `<syntax>`.

Reviewer: Currently, the rendering is a bit bunched up here; there is no margin between this line and the bit you've added. To fix this, maybe put this as a note, after the bit you added? Like this:

```
> [!NOTE]
> For [security reasons](#limitations_and_security) {{CSSxRef("url_value", "&lt;url&gt;")}} is not allowed as a `<syntax>`.
```

Author: Done.

>       To accept any data type, use `*` as the type. This still triggers CSS parsing but with no requirements placed on it beyond that it parse validly, and substitutes the result of that parsing directly as tokens, rather than as a `<string>` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      To accept any data type, use `*` as the type. This still triggers CSS parsing but with no requirements placed on it beyond that it parses validly and substitutes the result of that parsing directly as tokens, rather than as a `<string>` value.
```
